hey guys welcome back to the DS
Mediterranean kitchen today we're going
to be making one of the traditional
favourites of Mediterranean and Middle
Eastern cuisine shish kebabs
yes we're making shish kebabs they're
easy they're simple you can grill them
you can make them in the summertime you
can make them in the wintertime any time
you want you can make shish kebabs
now get this recipe and all of my other
Mediterranean recipes on my website at
Dede medCom you can join my Twitter and
you can join my facebook and you can
chitchat with all kinds of people who
like Mediterranean food now we're going
to go over the ingredients and show you
how to put it together now the
ingredients are pretty simple we have
some green peppers cut into nice cubes
red pepper tomatoes onions
you have your skewers which mean sheesh
that's where the word shish kebab comes
from this is the shish and I have some
filet mignon that's cubed up into nice
size pieces I like to use filet because
it's lean it's very tender we have some
salt black pepper and of course seven
spices now some people like to use on
steel skewers and or aluminum skewers
and some people like to use what's yours
which tears are so much easier because
you can throw them away when you're done
but what you need to remember is if
you're going to use wood skewers make
sure you soak them in water before you
use them that way the wood won't burn
while you're barbecuing this is kebabs
now if you don't want to get filleted
and I know you're probably thinking oh
my god-dd it's so expensive it's very
well worth it but if you don't use
fillet try and use another meat that's a
little bit Marbley with some fat because
other meats aren't as tender as a fillet
so you're going to need the fat and the
other needs to keep the meat tender um
Chuck would be too dry try using thigh
meat like me
um maybe the bacne any kind of neat that
has a little bit of fat to it
would go great if you're going to use
the filet you don't need to have a lot
of fat in the meat because the filet
itself is very tender now we have our
vegetables that are cubed some people
also like to use mushrooms different
kinds of vegetables whatever vegetable
you like you can put it in between the
meat as a barbecue we have our filet
that's cubed I'm going to add about a
teaspoon and a half of salt just like
that we're going to add some fresh black
pepper trying to use fresh black pepper
it has a much more flavorful taste
didn't you get it ground already and
these are pretty cheap you get them at
any store for a couple of bucks so just
like that we're also going to add a
teaspoon or two five seven spices some
spices gives it a nice worldly flavor
I'm also going to add just some olive
oil it helps the meat um Brown nice and
crispy while it's on the grill so just a
couple tablespoons of olive oil now
we're going to mix this up yes use your
hands it's okay to use your hands if you
don't like using your hands and just
wear gloves while you're cooking with
the meat just like
and then what we're going to do is we're
going to alternate the chunk of meat
with a chunk of vegetable now at this
point you want to make sure your grill
is preheating you want it on a medium
high heat because this is very tender
meat so you're going to cook it just
like you would cook a filet steak if you
like medium rare even cooking medium
rare
so I'm going to leave about an inch at
the end of the skewer poke in your meat
I'm going to use a piece of onion and
I'm going to put it's all up to you you
can put alternate meat but you will meet
vegetable you can do two pieces of meat
one piece of vegetable whatever you like
so just like that see put it on a plate
and then we can do some peppers and this
one is green pepper and these are nice
Christmasy colors too so if it's around
Christmas time you can use the red and
the green see Christmas colors it's kind
of fun green pepper put another piece of
meat just like that see how pretty that
is so you just keep going until you're
done and then when you want to barbecue
them you want to barbecue them if you
like them on medium well you want to do
about seven minutes on each side if you
like it medium rare you want to do about
five minutes on each side so just like
that I'm going to finish these up and
I'm going to barbecue them I'm going to
show you how to plate them up
we are done grilling I want you to take
a look at this I just serve them over
some pita bread you can serve them over
some brown rice with the vermicelli
noodles that recipes on my website as
well see how they get all nice and
grilled look at this how that comes
apart
it's so tender mmm it's so juicy
unbelievable
the best grilled kebabs you will ever
have you have to try this it's still
simple even thus winter time even if
it's summertime even it's raining turn
up that grill
try these shish kebabs you are going to
love it it's recipes on my website didi
my comm enjoy this and join me again at
dnews my dream kitchen